Added variations and inference documentation for Reinforcement Learning Task (#800)
huggingface/hub-docs: tasks/src/reinforcement-learning/about.md

## Task Variants 

### Model Based RL
In Model based Reinforcement Learning, we try to create a model of the environment (learn the state transition probabilities and the reward function) for finding optimal actions for the agent. Some typical examples for Model Based RL algorithms are Dynamic Programming, Value Iteration & Policy Iteration

### Model Free RL

> In Model Free RL, agent decides on optimal actions, solely based on its experience in the environment and the reward it collects during that journey. This is one of the most commonly used algorithms specially beneficial in complex environments where modelling of state transition probabilities and reward functions are quite difficult. Some of the examples will be SARSA, Q-Learning, Actor-Critic, Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO) algorithms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In model free reinforcement learning, agent decides on optimal actions based on its experience in the environment and the reward it collects from it. This is one of the most commonly used algorithms beneficial in complex environments, where modeling of state transition probabilities and reward functions are difficult. Some of the examples of model free reinforcement learning are SARSA, Q-Learning, actor-critic and proximal policy optimization (PPO) algorithms.

```

## Task Variants 

### Model Based RL
In model based reinforcement learning techniques intend to create a model of the environment, learn the state transition probabilities and the reward function, to find the optimal action. Some typical examples for model based reinforcement learning algorithms are dynamic programming, value iteration and policy iteration.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Inference

> Inference in Reinforcement learning, differs a bit from traditional supervised learning where you just deal with model and test data. In RL, once you have trained an agent in an env, you try to run the trained agent for specific no of steps to get the average reward its able to get. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inference in reinforcement learning differs from other modalities, in which there's a model and test data. In reinforcement learning, once you have trained an agent in an environment, you try to run the trained agent for additional steps to get the average reward. 

```
I feel like you're mentioning about evaluation of agents here and not directly inference, am I correct?

Author: yes, i'll add a code snippet for inference as well. missed out on that

> A typical training cycle comprises of gathering experience from env, training the model and running the model on test env to get average reward. Below we have showcased, how you can interact with the env using gymnasium library, train a model using stable-baselines3 and run it on test environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A typical training cycle consists of gathering experience from the environment, training the model, and running the model on a test environment to obtain average reward. Below there's a snippet on how you can interact with the environment using the `gymnasium` library, train a model using `stable-baselines3` and run the agent on test environment.

```

  
```python
# Here we are running 20 episodes of CartPole-v1 environment, taking random actions
import gymnasium as gym

env = gym.make("CartPole-v1")
observation, info = env.reset()

for _ in range(20):
	action = env.action_space.sample() # samples random action from action sample space

> 	print("Action Take:",action)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
trying to keep the snippet simpler

> 	observation, reward, terminated, truncated, info = env.step(action) # takes the action in the env

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # the agent takes the action 
	observation, reward, terminated, truncated, info = env.step(action)

```

> if terminated or truncated: # if the agent reaches terminal state, we reset the environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# if the agent reaches terminal state, we reset the environment
if terminated or truncated: 

```

	print("Environment is reset")
	observation = env.reset()

env.close()
```

```python
# Training a PPO model on LunarLander-v2 environment using stable-baselines3 library and saving the model
from stable_baselines3 import PPO

> # Environment Initialization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# initialize the environment

```

env = gym.make("LunarLander-v2")

> # Model Initialization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# initialize the model

```

model = PPO(policy = "MlpPolicy",
			env = env,
			n_steps = 1024,
			batch_size = 64,
			n_epochs = 4,
			verbose = 1)

> # trains the model for 1000 time steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# train the model for 1000 time steps

```

model.learn(total_timesteps = 1000)

# Saving the model in desired directory
model_name = "PPO-LunarLander-v2"
model.save(model_name)
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe you can add
```suggestion
Below code shows how to make inference with an agent trained using `stable-baselines3`
```

## Inference

Inference in reinforcement learning differs from other modalities, in which there's a model and test data. In reinforcement learning, once you have trained an agent in an environment, you try to run the trained agent for additional steps to get the average reward. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

A typical training cycle consists of gathering experience from the environment, training the agent, and running the agent on a test environment to obtain average reward. Below there's a snippet on how you can interact with the environment using the `gymnasium` library, train an agent using `stable-baselines3`, evalute the agent on test environment and infer actions from the trained agent.

  
```python
# Here we are running 20 episodes of CartPole-v1 environment, taking random actions
import gymnasium as gym

env = gym.make("CartPole-v1")
observation, info = env.reset()

for _ in range(20):
	action = env.action_space.sample() # samples random action from action sample space

        # the agent takes the action 
	observation, reward, terminated, truncated, info = env.step(action)

# if the agent reaches terminal state, we reset the environment
if terminated or truncated: 

	print("Environment is reset")
	observation = env.reset()

env.close()
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Below snippet shows how to train a PPO model on LunarLander-v2 environment using `stable-baselines3` library and saving the model
```

```python

> # Training a PPO model on LunarLander-v2 environment using stable-baselines3 library and saving the model

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

from stable_baselines3 import PPO

# initialize the environment

env = gym.make("LunarLander-v2")

# initialize the model

model = PPO(policy = "MlpPolicy",
			env = env,
			n_steps = 1024,
			batch_size = 64,
			n_epochs = 4,
			verbose = 1)

# train the model for 1000 time steps

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

model.learn(total_timesteps = 1000)

# Saving the model in desired directory
model_name = "PPO-LunarLander-v2"
model.save(model_name)
```
Below code shows how to evaluate an agent trained using `stable-baselines3`
```python
# Loading a saved model and evaluating the model for 10 episodes
from stable_baselines3.common.evaluation import evaluate_policy
from stable_baselines3 import PPO

env = gym.make("LunarLander-v2")
# Loading the saved model
model = PPO.load("PPO-LunarLander-v2",env=env)

# Initializating the evaluation environment
eval_env = gym.make("LunarLander-v2")

# Running the trained agent on eval_env for 10 time steps and getting the mean reward
mean_reward, std_reward = evaluate_policy(model, eval_env, n_eval_episodes = 10,

> 										  deterministic=True)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
										  deterministic=True)
```

print(f"mean_reward={mean_reward:.2f} +/- {std_reward}")
```

Below code snippet shows how to infer actions from an agent trained using `stable-baselines3`

```python
from stable_baselines3.common.evaluation import evaluate_policy
from stable_baselines3 import PPO

# Loading the saved model
model = PPO.load("PPO-LunarLander-v2",env=env)

# Getting the environment from the trained agent
env = model.get_env()

obs = env.reset()
for i in range(1000):
	# getting action predictions from the trained agent
	action, _states = model.predict(obs, deterministic=True)
	
	# taking the predicted action in the environment to observe next state and rewards
    obs, rewards, dones, info = env.step(action)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
